Tags: [#language #french]

Easy:
>Where are you?
>How much is the burger?
>That is a great idea!
>I saw you at the airport yesterday.
>I fell asleep in the bus.
>Forget what I just said.
>Blue is still my favourite color.
>Never give up!
>If only I was born in [target language country].
>Tell me this story.
>Let's player Borderlands 2 together.

Medium:
>We have been waiting for 20 minutes now. Where is this dude?
>We can travel there together, but we have to leave early in the morning.
>You expect me to pay HOW MUCH? Are you insane? Fuck off, I am going somewhere else.
>The recipe includes: Tomatoes, onions, flour and cream. I forgot the rest.
>I have never broken a promise and I never will.
>[Target language] is so much fun to learn. I do not understand all these complaints. Must be Americans and their public schooling system.

Hard:
>One Piece is my favourite anime. I love the world building, the characters and the soundtrack. If only the pacing was better. It can get atrocious at times.
>This rollercoaster is so fun. I am glad I visited the amusment park today and not in the summer. Otherwise I would have to wait 2 hours for a single ride. Now I wait 5 minutes.
>I am at the top of the hill, the highest point of the area. I see the city, the river, the ocean and so much more. All these houses look so tiny and people live in every single one of them. This area seems so massive but is only a small part of the world.
>For weeks the enemy trebuchets have been hitting the walls of this city. They hold firm like they did for hundreds of years. Yesterday enemy sappers tried to create a breach. While it was risky, we sallied out and destroyed these fools. Trebuchets, sappers, weather and even an earthquake will not make these walls crumble. They protect [target language capital] and will stand until the end of time.